Adadelta formula fixes (#1196)
d2l-ai/d2l-en: chapter_optimization/adadelta.md

## The Algorithm

> In a nutshell Adadelta uses two state variables, $\mathbf{s}_t$ to store a leaky average of the second moment of the gradient and $\Delta\mathbf{x}_t$ to store a leaky average of the second moment of the change of parameters in the model itself. Note that we use the original notation and naming of the authors for compatibility with other publications and implementations (there is no other real reason why one should use different Greek variables to indicate a parameter serving the same purpose in momentum, Adagrad, RMSProp, and Adadelta). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a nutshell, Adadelta uses two state variables, $\mathbf{s}_t$ to store a leaky average of the second moment of the gradient and $\Delta\mathbf{x}_t$ to store a leaky average of the second moment of the change of parameters in the model itself. Note that we use the original notation and naming of the authors for compatibility with other publications and implementations (there is no other real reason why one should use different Greek variables to indicate a parameter serving the same purpose in momentum, Adagrad, RMSProp, and Adadelta). 
```

> Here is the technical details of Adadelta. Given the parameter du jour is $\rho$, we obtain the following leaky updates similarly to :numref:`sec_rmsprop`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the technical details of Adadelta. Given the parameter du jour is $\rho$, we obtain the following leaky updates similarly to :numref:`sec_rmsprop`:
```

$$\begin{aligned}
    \mathbf{s}_t & = \rho \mathbf{s}_{t-1} + (1 - \rho) \mathbf{g}_t^2.
\end{aligned}$$

The difference to :numref:`sec_rmsprop` is that we perform updates with the rescaled gradient $\mathbf{g}_t'$, i.e.,

$$\begin{aligned}
    \mathbf{x}_t  & = \mathbf{x}_{t-1} - \mathbf{g}_t'. \\
\end{aligned}$$

> So what is the rescaled gradient $\mathbf{g}_t'$? We can calculate as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So what is the rescaled gradient $\mathbf{g}_t'$? We can calculate it as follows:
```

$$\begin{aligned}
    \mathbf{g}_t' & = \frac{\sqrt{\Delta\mathbf{x}_{t-1} + \epsilon}}{\sqrt{{\mathbf{s}_t + \epsilon}}} \odot \mathbf{g}_t, \\
\end{aligned}$$

> where the $\Delta \mathbf{x}_{t-1}$ is the leaky average of the squared rescaled gradients $\mathbf{g}_t'$. We set $\Delta \mathbf{x}_{t-1}$ to be $0$ at the start and update it every time with $\mathbf{g}_t'$, i.e.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $\Delta \mathbf{x}_{t-1}$ is the leaky average of the squared rescaled gradients $\mathbf{g}_t'$. We initialize $\Delta \mathbf{x}_{0}$ to be $0$ and update it at each step with $\mathbf{g}_t'$, i.e.,
```

$$\begin{aligned}
    \Delta \mathbf{x}_t & = \rho \Delta\mathbf{x}_{t-1} + (1 - \rho) {\mathbf{g}_t'}^2,
\end{aligned}$$

> and the $\epsilon$ is added to maintain the math stability, such as $10^{-5}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and $\epsilon$ (a small value such as $10^{-5}$) is added to maintain numerical stability.
```
